Weekly Changelog 2024-07-08 to 2024-07-15 (#75025)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

This adds a Doctor and Pharmacist profession. It also generalizes the "MD" trait description to include more medical professionals.
Three new skeletal zombie evolutions
Microlabs will now spawn foes from a series of mutually exclusive lists.

> Add Vegetable Samosas
> Bakery contains flour now, plus overhaul and improvements
> A few new NPC story snippets
> burglar profession has the safecracking proficiency
> Expands the regenerating zombie into it's own line
> Adds a new set of twisted geometry artifacts, found where geometry itself is twisted due to the acts of humans and worse.
> Overhaul and flesh out Barry Isherwood's rescue mission, part 2.
> Add snippet for OCP army pants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bakery contains flour now, plus overhaul and improvements
Expands the regenerating zombie into it's own line
Adds a new set of twisted geometry artifacts, found where geometry itself is twisted due to the acts of humans and worse.
Overhaul and flesh out Barry Isherwood's rescue mission, part 2.
```

[Aftershock] Add Habitat Block 3 Mapgen to Aftershock Exoplanet
(XE) Tier 4 Vampire implementation
Aftershock Lore documents

> [Xedra Evolved] Vampire blood gift research
> [Xedra Evolved] Paraclesian morale effects scale
> [Xedra Evolved] Paraclesian fae cannot wear steel or iron without problems (except Homullus)
> [Xedra Evolved] Paraclesian fae cannot wield items made of steel or iron without problems (except Homullus)
> [Magiclysm] Druid's Nature's Communion morale scales
> [Xedra Evolved] Add vampire transformation powers
> Aftershock: Add a tool and gadget trader to Port Augustmoon.
> [MoM] Concentrating on maintenance powers also levels metaphysics
> [Xedra Evolved] Give Vampires nighttime overmap sight
> Add Xedra Inventor compatibility with Electrokinetic Powers
> [Xedra Evolved] Vampire form tweaks
> [MoM] Add gremlin, a Nether-touched fox, plus small monster tweaks
> [MoM] Randomize monster power cooldowns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Xedra Evolved] Paraclesian fae cannot wear/wield steel or iron without problems (except Homullus)
[Xedra Evolved] Lots of Vampire stuff, new powers and power research
Aftershock: Add a tool and gadget trader to Port Augustmoon.
[MoM] Add gremlin, a Nether-touched fox, plus small monster tweaks
[MoM] Randomize monster power cooldowns
```

Fix android build
Clean water in tanks now stays clean
Webs, sludge, and sap no longer give you superhuman dodge and melee accuracy

> Sealed recipes won't seal #71878
> Readd condom flavours
> New England Community Church also dislikes rabbit and bat mutants
> fixes appliances turning off randomly
> Fixing drawing of fallback tiles for weather on overmap
> [MoM] Pyrokinetics no longer blister when using Flame Immunity
> Fix conjunctivitis duration stacking and eyedrops
> Limit shot targets to the reality bubble
> Add pain_max_val to conjunctivitis
> Remove acid bombs
> gate close displacement bugfix
> Actually removes acid bomb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sealed recipes won't seal #71878
Readd condom flavours
New England Community Church also dislikes rabbit and bat mutants
fixes appliances turning off randomly
Fixing drawing of fallback tiles for weather on overmap
Limit shot targets to the reality bubble
Remove acid bombs
gate close displacement bugfix
Actually removes acid bomb
```
